[ONNX] Improves documentation of ONNX exporter (#135372)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/onnx.rst

`runtimes that support ONNX <https://onnx.ai/supported-tools.html#deployModel>`_, including
Microsoft's `ONNX Runtime <https://www.onnxruntime.ai>`_.

**There are two flavors of ONNX exporter API that you can use, as listed below.**
Both can be called through function :func:`torch.onnx.export`.
Next example shows how to export a simple model.

.. code-block:: python

    import torch

    class MyModel(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super(MyModel, self).__init__()
            self.conv1 = torch.nn.Conv2d(1, 128, 5)

        def forward(self, x):
            return torch.relu(self.conv1(x))

    input_tensor = torch.rand((1, 1, 128, 128), dtype=torch.float32)

    model = MyModel()

    torch.onnx.export(
        model,                  # model to export
        (input_tensor,),        # inputs of the model,
        "my_model.onnx",        # filename of the ONNX model

>         input_names=["input"],  # input names in the ONNX model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        input_names=["input"],  # Rename inputs for the ONNX model
```
